Draft changes for packaging/deployment/lifecycle. (#540)
eclipse-ee4j/cdi: spec/src/main/asciidoc/core/packagingdeployment.asciidoc

[[packaging_deployment]]

== Packaging and deployment in {cdi_full}

> This chapter is very similar to <<packaging_deployment_lite>> but describes the whole process for {cdi_full}. Certain parts may therefore overlap.

Reviewer: I agree we shouldn't split this. That would become unbearable.

```suggestion
This chapter replaces <<packaging_deployment_lite>> for the purpose of {cdi_full}.
In case of overlap, the <<packaging_deployment_lite>> chapter should be considered merely informative.
```

[[bean_archive]]

> === Bean archives in {cdi_full}

Reviewer: Ah true! I added the `_lite` file for this, because that's something we want to write from scratch. Not sure it was the best idea, now that I'm looking at section IDs. Let's think about that -- doesn't have to be solved in this PR for sure :-)
